README.md, before:

# ❗CSC226 Final Project

## Instructions

❗️Exclamation Marks ❗️indicate action items; you should remove these emoji as you complete/update the items which 
  they accompany. (This means that your final README should have no ❗️in it!)

❗️**Author(s)**: Gloire Muzeba

❗️**Google Doc Link**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VAXEmijLQP8OcECUVZe1-UCG8IL0BPQBUsbisYUOipw/edit?usp=sharing

---

## References 
Throughout this project, you have likely used outside resources. Reference all ideas which are not your own, 
and describe how you integrated the ideas or code into your program. This includes online sources, people who have 
helped you, AI tools you've used, and any other resources that are not solely your own contribution. Update as you go.

---

## Milestone 1: Setup, Planning, Design

❗️**Title**: `A simple dijital journal.`

❗**Purpose**: `The purpose of this project is to allow users to view, record and manage personal dairy entries.
`

❗️**Source Assignment(s)**: ` HW04,HW08, A bugs life and It's in your Genes.`

❗️**CRC Card(s)**:
  - Create a CRC card for each class that your project will implement.
  - See this link for a sample CRC card and a template to use for your own cards (you will have to make a copy to edit):
    [CRC Card Example](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JE_3Qmytk_JGztRqkPXWACJwciPH61VCx3idIlBCVFY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Tables in markdown are not easy, so we suggest saving your CRC card as an image and including the image(s) in the 
    README. You can do this by saving an image in the repository and linking to it. See the sample CRC card below - 
    and REPLACE it with your own:
  
![Don't leave me in your README!](image/crc1.png "Image of CRC card as an example. Upload your CRC card(s) in place of this one. ")

❗️**Branches**: This project will **require** effective use of git. 

Each partner should create a branch at the beginning of the project, and stay on this branch (or branches of their 
branch) as they work. When you need to bring each others branches together, do so by merging each other's branches 
into your own, following the process we've discussed in previous assignments: 

```
    Branch 1 name: muzebag
    Branch 2 name:
```
---

## Milestone 2: Code Setup and Issue Queue

Most importantly, keep your issue queue up to date, and focus on your code. 🙃

Reflect on what you’ve done so far. How’s it going? Are you feeling behind/ahead? What are you worried about? 
What has surprised you so far? Describe your general feelings. Be honest with yourself; this section is for you, not me.

```
    **From what I have done its okay and I am feeling i'm behind. I am worried that I am not sure if I should continue with this or change the project. 
    My feelings toward this project I am little bit anxious but I am feeling good at the same time because i have learn a lot so far and that will help me to finish this project.
```

---

## Milestone 3: Virtual Check-In

Indicate what percentage of the project you have left to complete and how confident you feel. 

❗️**Completion Percentage**: `0 - 100%`

❗️**Confidence**: Describe how confident you feel about completing this project, and why. Then, describe some 
  strategies you can employ to increase the likelihood that you'll be successful in completing this project 
  before the deadline.

```
    **Replace this text with your reflection
```

---

## Milestone 4: Final Code, Presentation, Demo

### ❗User Instructions
In a paragraph, explain how to use your program. Assume the user is starting just after they hit the "Run" button 
in PyCharm. 

### ❗Errors and Constraints
Every program has bugs or features that had to be scrapped for time. These bugs should be tracked in the issue queue. 
You should already have a few items in here from the prior weeks. Create a new issue for any undocumented errors and 
deficiencies that remain in your code. Bugs found that aren't acknowledged in the queue will be penalized.

### ❗Reflection
In three to four well-written paragraphs, address the following (at a minimum):
- Why did you select the project that you did?
- How closely did your final project reflect your initial design?
- What did you learn from this process?
- What was the hardest part of the final project?
- What would you do differently next time, knowing what you know now?
- (For partners) How well did you work with your partner? What made it go well? What made it challenging?

Commit message:

image, done with the first part. just completed milestone2. still coding.  implemented the game logic for both my turn and the computer's turn, added error handling to ensure I only input valid numbers, and used a Balls class to dynamically show the remaining balls on the canvas. I am still working on modifying playing computer vs player board. I got the window but I still need to work on putting the number. finished question on milestone 3

README.md, after:

# ❗CSC226 Final Project

## Instructions

❗️Exclamation Marks ❗️indicate action items; you should remove these emoji as you complete/update the items which 
  they accompany. (This means that your final README should have no ❗️in it!)

❗️**Author(s)**: Gloire Muzeba

❗️**Google Doc Link**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VAXEmijLQP8OcECUVZe1-UCG8IL0BPQBUsbisYUOipw/edit?usp=sharing

---

## References 
Throughout this project, you have likely used outside resources. Reference all ideas which are not your own, 
and describe how you integrated the ideas or code into your program. This includes online sources, people who have 
helped you, AI tools you've used, and any other resources that are not solely your own contribution. Update as you go.

---

## Milestone 1: Setup, Planning, Design

❗️**Title**: `A simple dijital journal.`

❗**Purpose**: `The purpose of this project is to allow users to view, record and manage personal dairy entries.
`

❗️**Source Assignment(s)**: ` HW04,HW08, A bugs life and It's in your Genes.`

❗️**CRC Card(s)**:
  - Create a CRC card for each class that your project will implement.
  - See this link for a sample CRC card and a template to use for your own cards (you will have to make a copy to edit):
    [CRC Card Example](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JE_3Qmytk_JGztRqkPXWACJwciPH61VCx3idIlBCVFY/edit?usp=sharing)
  - Tables in markdown are not easy, so we suggest saving your CRC card as an image and including the image(s) in the 
    README. You can do this by saving an image in the repository and linking to it. See the sample CRC card below - 
    and REPLACE it with your own:
  
![Don't leave me in your README!](image/crc1.png "Image of CRC card as an example. Upload your CRC card(s) in place of this one. ")

❗️**Branches**: This project will **require** effective use of git. 

Each partner should create a branch at the beginning of the project, and stay on this branch (or branches of their 
branch) as they work. When you need to bring each others branches together, do so by merging each other's branches 
into your own, following the process we've discussed in previous assignments: 

```
    Branch 1 name: muzebag
    Branch 2 name:
```
---

## Milestone 2: Code Setup and Issue Queue

Most importantly, keep your issue queue up to date, and focus on your code. 🙃

Reflect on what you’ve done so far. How’s it going? Are you feeling behind/ahead? What are you worried about? 
What has surprised you so far? Describe your general feelings. Be honest with yourself; this section is for you, not me.

```
    **From what I have done its okay and I am feeling i'm behind. I am worried that I am not sure if I should continue with this or change the project. 
    My feelings toward this project I am little bit anxious but I am feeling good at the same time because i have learn a lot so far and that will help me to finish this project.
```

---

## Milestone 3: Virtual Check-In

Indicate what percentage of the project you have left to complete and how confident you feel. 

❗️**Completion Percentage**: `80%`

❗️**Confidence**: Describe how confident you feel about completing this project, and why. Then, describe some 
  strategies you can employ to increase the likelihood that you'll be successful in completing this project 
  before the deadline.

```
    I’m feeling pretty confident about finishing this project. The main functionality is there, but I still need to fix some bugs, 
    clean up the UI. I plan to focus on testing and debugging first to make sure the game works smoothly. After that, I’ll refine the
    UI and add any final touches, like improving the computer’s moves and maybe adding a replay option. I think with a bit more effort,
    I’ll have it done on time
```

---

## Milestone 4: Final Code, Presentation, Demo

### ❗User Instructions
In a paragraph, explain how to use your program. Assume the user is starting just after they hit the "Run" button 
in PyCharm. 

### ❗Errors and Constraints
Every program has bugs or features that had to be scrapped for time. These bugs should be tracked in the issue queue. 
You should already have a few items in here from the prior weeks. Create a new issue for any undocumented errors and 
deficiencies that remain in your code. Bugs found that aren't acknowledged in the queue will be penalized.

### ❗Reflection
In three to four well-written paragraphs, address the following (at a minimum):
- Why did you select the project that you did?
- How closely did your final project reflect your initial design?
- What did you learn from this process?
- What was the hardest part of the final project?
- What would you do differently next time, knowing what you know now?
- (For partners) How well did you work with your partner? What made it go well? What made it challenging?
